README.md, before:

# Yarn Desktop Client

A desktop client for Yarn ( https://yarn.social/ ).  
It's being developed and tested on Trisquel (same as Ubuntu\Debian).  

Install compiler and tools:  
```sudo apt-get install build-essential cmake git```

Install Yarn desktop client dependencies with:  
```sudo apt-get install liburl-dev libgtk-4-dev rapidjson-dev libsecret-1-dev```  

Or compile the dependencies from source and install that if needed.  

Then clone this repository, and cd into it.  
```git clone https://github.com/stig-atle/YarnDesktopClient/```  
Create a build folder (```mkdir build```) and cd into that.  
Then call cmake with:  

```cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug ../```  
or:  
```cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release ../```  
from build directory, then run make to build.  

chmod+x the executable and run it.  

You can reach out to me through the github issue system, or yarn:  
https://yarn.stigatle.no/user/stigatle/

Precompiled packages for various systems and snap \ appimage are planned for later.

Commit message:

Added NixOS build info.
Added NixOS build info.

README.md, after:

# Yarn Desktop Client

A desktop client for Yarn ( https://yarn.social/ ).  
It's being developed and tested on Trisquel (same as Ubuntu\Debian) and NixOS.  

Nixos:  
Enable flake support, then go to source dir and type 'nix build'.  

Debian/Ubuntu based:  
Install compiler and tools:  
```sudo apt-get install build-essential cmake git```

Install Yarn desktop client dependencies with:  
```sudo apt-get install liburl-dev libgtk-4-dev rapidjson-dev libsecret-1-dev```  

Or compile the dependencies from source and install that if needed.  

Then clone this repository, and cd into it.  
```git clone https://github.com/stig-atle/YarnDesktopClient/```  
Create a build folder (```mkdir build```) and cd into that.  
Then call cmake with:  

```cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug ../```  
or:  
```cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release ../```  
from build directory, then run make to build.  

chmod+x the executable and run it.  

You can reach out to me through the github issue system, or yarn:  
https://yarn.stigatle.no/user/stigatle/

Precompiled packages for various systems and snap \ appimage are planned for later.
